Mithril update 2025-09-17 (#657)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-09-17-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-09-17-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team created the pre-release for the `2537.0-pre` distribution, which provides support for Cardano node v.10.5.1, stabilizes commands of the client CLI, provides support for ARM pre-built binaries, and includes various bug fixes and improvements.
> 
> They kept updating the CIP of the DMQ protocol and its implementation in Pallas and Mithril nodes, introducing changes to the message structure and the n2c local notification mini-protocol. They also completed the prototyping of a SNARK proving circuit for Mithril certificates in collaboration with the innovation team. Additionally, the team completed a prototype of a Mithril/Cardano bundle within a Docker image which allows to start seamlessly a Mithril signer when starting a Cardano node in block producer mode.
> 
> Finally, they started to work on the preparatory phase of the decentralization of the configuration parameters and started implementing support for multiple proof systems in the STM library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team created the pre-release for the `2537.0-pre` distribution, which provides support for Cardano node v.10.5.1, stabilizes commands of the client CLI, provides support for ARM pre-built binaries, and includes various bug fixes and improvements.

They kept updating the CIP of the DMQ protocol and its implementation in Pallas and Mithril nodes, introducing changes to the message structure and the n2c local notification mini-protocol. They also completed the prototyping of a SNARK proving circuit for Mithril certificates in collaboration with the innovation team. Additionally, the team completed a prototype of a Mithril/Cardano bundle within a Docker image, which allows for a seamless start of a Mithril signer when starting a Cardano node in block producer mode.

Finally, they began working on the preparatory phase of decentralizing configuration parameters and started implementing support for multiple proof systems in the STM library.
```
